Add BC, UO and misc doco to THM (#25116)
idaholab/moose: modules/thermal_hydraulics/doc/content/source/userobjects/ADShaftConnectedTurbine1PhaseUserObject.md

# ADShaftConnectedTurbine1PhaseUserObject

!syntax description /UserObjects/ADShaftConnectedTurbine1PhaseUserObject

> A turbine is a parallel channel junction, a [ADJunctionParallelChannels1PhaseUserObject.md], a type of volume junction,

Author: ```suggestion
A turbine is a volume junction, derived from 
```

> a [ADVolumeJunction1PhaseUserObject.md]. As such its base contribution to the residual and Jacobian is set by these classes.

Author: ```suggestion
[ADVolumeJunction1PhaseUserObject.md]. As such its base contribution to the residual and Jacobian is set by these classes.
```
